0.  BMP supports only 32-bit colors (over 4 billion colors in total)
    GIF supports only 8-bits colors (256 colors in total)
    JPEG supports only 24-bit colors (16 million colors in total)
    PNG supports only 24-bit colors (16 million colors in total)
1.  GIF
2.  Lossy compression formats are file formats that when compressed will lose data/information 
    from the original file.
    Lossless compression formats are files that are able to retain all dat from a file even after 
    compression.
3.  JPEG
4.  When a file is deleted from a FAT file system metadata that relates and indicates where a file is 
    located is erased from the table, but the file remains on the hard drive.
5.  To ensure that files I delete cannot be recovered a secure method such as zeroing out the file or
    overwriting the file with nulls must be used.
6.  stdint.h is a header file that defines specific integer types as having specific widths which are 
    outlined by macros.
7.  It is a way to be specific and to indicate to the computer that the int value that will be stored in 
    the variable is exactly the size indicated (8,16,32).
8.  A BYTE is 1 byte, a DWORD is 4 bytes, a LONG is 4 bytes and a WORD is 2 bytes.
9.  Since the first two bytes must be used to indicate the file type and it is a WORD that is used to store the
    file type value of BM (for BMP) is 0x4D42
10. The difference between bfSize and biSize is that bfSize is used to indicate the size of the file and biSize 
    is used to indicate the size of the current information that struct contains.
11. If the value of biHeight is positive then the BMP is a bottom-up DIB with the origin at the lower left corner,
    els if its negative it is top-down DIB with the origin in the top-left. (Basically indicated whether the headers
    are flipped or not)
12. The biBitCount member of the struct determines how many bits per pixel (color depth).
13. fopen may return null if there is an error and it is unable to write to the location indicated. This could be 
    because there is not enough memory or that there is already a file with that name.
14. Within the definition of fread it is stated that it takes 4 parameters, pointer to where the bytes are to stored, 
    the amount/size of bytes to be read in, the number of iterations or times to read in that many bytes and finally the 
    file to read in from. The 1 that is being passed in every time is indicating that number of bytes should only be read
    once.
15. The value of 3 will be assigned to padding because 3*sizeof(RGBTRIPLE) = 3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9 and then 
    9 % 4 = 1, and then 4 - 1 = 3 and finally 3 % 4 = 3. So, because of the value of 9 it causes the padding to increase 9 
    to a multiple of 4 which is 12.
16. Will skip over the padding which is known to be at the end of the row and to be of size padding. So, it just moves the pointer
    enough spaces to pass over the padding.
17. It is a integer constant that indicates the starting position of where to starting skipping or offsetting the pointer from in functions
    like fseek.
18. A man
